Seed text:
defarge refreshed himself with a draught of winebut he took less than was given to the stranger as being himself a man to whom it was no rarityand stood waiting until the countryman had made his breakfast. he looked at no one present and no one now looked at him not even madame defarge who had taken up her knitting and was at work.

Output:
He told her father that he expressly confided his wife and child to his care. The sun, taking less than was given, went aloft. Jacques said, "The sun listens." As he kneeled, his fingers wandered over those fine nerves with a strikingly greedy air, as if he hungered for something that was neither food nor drink. The guard, horse and foot, surrounded the petitioner and struck him blows; no one now looked at him, not even Madame Defarge, who had taken up her knitting and was at work.

Seed text:
beginning to be struck by defarges manner mr. lorry looked dubiously
at him and led the way. both the women followed the second woman being
the vengeance.

Untransformed Output:
greater things than the doctor had at that time to contend with would
have yielded before his persevering purpose.a small
lofty room with its window wide open and the wooden jalousieblinds
closed so that the dark night only showed in slight horizontal lines of
black alternating with their broad lines of stone colour.he had naturally repressed much and some revulsion might have been
expected in him when the occasion for repression was gone.beginning to be struck by defarges manner mr. lorry looked dubiously
at him and led the way. both the women followed the second woman being
a very few moments after that a young
woman with a slight girlish form a sweet spare face in which there was
no vestige of colour and large widely opened patient eyes rose from
the seat where he had observed her sitting and came to speak to him.

Output:
Greater things than the doctor had at that time to contend with would have yielded before his persevering
purpose. The room, with its window wide open and wooden jalousieblinds closed, revealed only slight horizontal
lines of black alternating with their broad stone-coloured lines. He had naturally repressed much, but when the
occasion for repression was gone, some revulsion might be expected. Beginning to be struck by Defarge's manner,
Mr. Lorry looked dubiously at him and led the way; both women followed, with a young woman rising from her seat
and coming to speak to him just moments later.